# Questions

- What do you expect from the project on the high level?
	- In general we expect the program to classify cropped images of individual cells as either ALL or hem, this program should have a gui with the clinical details of all patients.

- How usefull will it be?
	- It will assist our practitions in improving the diagnosis of ALL. Since the current diagnotic procedure is time consuming and expensive we expect this program to provide us with a more efficient way to diagnose 'em.

- Who is going to use that application and what is their background in technical knowledge?
	- On daily basis, the doctors would be using this application to enter patients data and pathological images of cell batches.  We assume that they have a decent exposure to computer skills and can use a intuitvly designed user interface after a training.
	- Also, the adminstrators will be using the program to monitor and authorize doctors,
- What are the specific functionalities that the application should have?
	- So we expect the program to have an authentication mechanism so that only adminstrators and doctors will be using it.
	- Application should clearly convey the diagnosed results of the patient by fitting the model on the batch.
	- Application should keep record of all past diagnosis history along with clinical details.
	- The doctors should be able to enter patients clinical details along with pathological images.
	- The model should achieve an accuracy of about 85 - 90 % regardless of data distribution
	- Should be able to export the results
	- in general The image would be jpg format
	- Typical size of a image would be around 0.5 - 2 megabytes
- What are the different types of cells that the application should be able to distinguish between?
	- ALL and hem
- What is the number of images in each batch?
	- 15 - 50
- How will the application be used in clinical settings?
	- Once cropped pathological images along with clinical details are recieved by the doctor, he will be entering them to derive the results
- Do you have any other  requirments that you think you should add to the list?
	- Yes, the application should have a intuitive gui
	- Performance of the application should be reasonable
	- The behaviour of the application should be more stable, and should require minimal maitanace
	- Should be tested under all cases before deployment.